smashed off tell my warlock who killing
a mini UK everybody better say UK go
with me Estelle once said to me cool
down don't let a fool I always had a
fool ain't nothing new now now he crazy
I know what you think in Robbie and I
know what you drinking rap singer dream
bling will show concern about this
America on a trauma and mashaallah cuz
on my clothes designer
can suit me spoke huh hatchet ah he was
cute before lad to speak Oh tell me he's
broke well I heard your lyrics feel your
spirit but I still talk that cash
there's another way hear it and I feel
like I get a fattest like a pimple too
bad it's gonna know they love it to the
hell with all that rubbish yes what you
think very impressive I want you to tell
you to learn all that I'm working on
about 2 or 3 weeks